Name: David park
Process: 'An experience'
Subject of Research: "My abismal experiences with discovering personalized meals and learning to make them at home."



👉Precedent Domain: Home / kitchen
👉Main choice of dishes: Asian Cuisine, American Cuisine, and Italian Cuisine. 
👉Appliances at home: Oven, Counter-top Stove (gas), Microwave, Refigerator, Air fryer, toaster, deep sink (10inch), and Rice cooker



---Measured Stress Level 0-5---

🌚 Meal Discovery Experience:

Stress Level: 1
1: Whenever I 'feel' like cooking, I look inside my fridge or anywhere in my kitchen to take note of the ingredients I have. 

Stress Level: 2
2. I usually think of meals I've either tried making in the past or a meal I've seen utilizing at least utilizing the ingredients I have at home. 

Stress Level: 2
3. If im really unsure of what to make, I tend to look up random posts online or on social media to gather a craving for what to potentially make at my home with the current ingredients. 

🌚 Making a meal Experience:

Stress Level: 2
1.) Whenever I don't know how to make something, I usually go to the internet on my (phone) to look for ways to solve it. 

Stress Level: 4
2.) 70-80% of the time, I come across websites that are bombarded with ads that often disrupt the experience of looking for the step by step guide. Furthermore, I often found it especially annoying when it gives off a 'medium article'feeling where it would take extended amounts of time just to get to the cooking part.

Stress Level: 5
3.) I can't keep track of where I am in the process. It feels as though, I have to constantly look at the recipe text just to keep myself accountable with a seperate timer clock, the meal thats being cooked at hand, and the recipe from the website. There's just too much at once.

Stress Level: 3
4.) Some recipes even require certain appliances that I don't even have at home and so I end up looking for websites on how to cook certain meals only to start cooking and realizing towards the end that I didn't have a 'broiler' to finish the meal-making process. 



